Fiscal Consolidation and the Euro; the role of markups/README.md, before:

# Fiscal Consolidation and the Euro Crisis: the role of markups

Working paper version.

## Markups

The file [markups.R](markups.R) estimates for European countries using Eurostat data. It also reproduces tables and figures...

1) Define the directory to save the figures (figures_path).
2) Run the code. For each country in the paper it will:
* Call the R packages;
* Download data directly from Eurostat API;
* List the countries in the sample;
* Create matrices for annual data on gross production and intermediate consumption by sector (NACE rev 2);
* Interpolate annual data to quarterly using the Denton-Cholette Method of temporal disaggregation of time series in Sax & Steiner (2013).
* Calculate the weights of each sectors.
* Aggregate markups of each sector.
* Create the aforesaid tables.

You can load the [dataset](markups.RData) used in the paper directly just uncomment the '#load("markups.RData")'.

## BVAR

The file [lbvar.R](lbvar.R) estimates the large BVAR following Banbura, M., Giannone, D., & Reichlin, L. (2010).

Commit message:

order of scripts and new models

Fiscal Consolidation and the Euro; the role of markups/README.md, after:

# Fiscal Consolidation and the Euro Crisis: the role of markups

Working paper version available here.

If you do not just load the datasets we use in our paper, you should run the scripts in the following order:

1) [markups.R](markups.R)
2) [austerity.R](austerity.R)
3) [hierarquical.R](hierarquical.R)
4) [lbvar.R](lbvar.R)

## Markups

The file [markups.R](markups.R) estimates for European countries using Eurostat data. It also reproduces tables and figures...

1) Define the directory to save the figures (figures_path).
2) Run the code. For each country in the paper it will:
* Call the R packages;
* Download data directly from Eurostat API;
* List the countries in the sample;
* Create matrices for annual data on gross production and intermediate consumption by sector (NACE rev 2);
* Interpolate annual data to quarterly using the Denton-Cholette Method of temporal disaggregation of time series in Sax & Steiner (2013).
* Calculate the weights of each sectors.
* Aggregate markups of each sector.
* Create the aforesaid tables.

You can load the [dataset](markups.RData) used in the paper directly just uncomment the '#load("markups.RData")'.

## Consolidation programs (austerity)

## Hierarquical

## BVAR

The file [lbvar.R](lbvar.R) estimates the large BVAR following Banbura, M., Giannone, D., & Reichlin, L. (2010).
